feat(FilesStore): generate directory trees (#1027)
open-contracting/kingfisher-collect: docs/index.rst

   └── data
       └── zambia
           └── 20200102_030405

>                └── C8E
>                └── D1D
>                    └── <...>.json
>                    └── <...>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
               ├── C8E
               │   ├── <...>.json
               │   └── <...>
               └── D1D
                   ├── <...>.json
                   └── <...>
```

> As you can see, the ``data`` directory contains a ``zambia`` spider directory (matching the spider's name), which in turn contains a ``20200102_030405`` crawl directory (matching the time at which you started the crawl – in this case, 2020-01-02 03:04:05), then a subdirectory is created by creating a 3-characters long hash for each scraped file name, ``D1D`` and ``C8E`` in this case. The crawl directory contains ``.json`` files – the OCDS data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As you can see, the ``data`` directory contains a ``zambia`` spider directory (matching the spider's name), which in turn contains a ``20200102_030405`` crawl directory (matching the time at which you started the crawl – in this case, 2020-01-02 03:04:05). Within the crawl directory,  ``.json`` files – the OCDS data – are split among subdirectories with opaque names, to not exceed filesystem limits.
```
